Clustering of Exoplanet populations For Different Stellar Parameters (inside directory 'Exoplanets'

The amount of data on exoplanets has exploded in recent years thanks to missions like KEPLER (the source of the data to be used in this project). This screams of an opportunity to learn something about exoplanets using data-driven methods. Since catalogs containing data on nearby stars have long been available, any correlations between host-star parameters and their associated exoplanet populations could readily be employed to inform the strategies of future exoplanet searches. I would use the data from https://www.kaggle.com/nasa/kepler-exoplanet-search-results, which includes extensive host-star and exoplanet data, to search for such correlations. I would employ clustering algorithms to learn about the different exoplanet populations (and their occurrence frequencies) for different populations of host-stars.

Feature Exploration/Engineering for Logistic and Linear Regression on Stock Market Data (inside directory 'Stocks')

The behavior of the stock market is notoriously unpredictable and many prominent analysts championed the importance of different factors. I would like to use Logistic Regression as a starting point to identify the features that most strongly correlate with whether or not a stock price rises or falls in some period of time. The simplicity of the algorithm and its results would allow me to explore many features quickly and visualize them simply. I would then focus on the best-performing predictors and use linear regression to make actual numerical predictions about the stock price at the end of the same period of time used previously. I would use the data from https://www.kaggle.com/borismarjanovic/price-volume-data-for-all-us-stocks-etfs.

Hyper-parameter Study On Neural Network Models to Classify Images (Inside directory 'Image_Classification'

Image classification has come a long way in recent years thanks to neural networks. I would like to use this technique and this dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/puneet6060/intel-image-classification to develop a model that can distinguish between different types of 'scenes'. Classifying each picture (as a whole) into one of a set of categories (buildings, forest, glacier, mountain, sea, street). I would like to find a well-performing algorithm and try to maximize its prediction power by tuning hyper-parameters within that algorithm.
